VIDEO 3 : 


I want to build a online store based application to sell digital books format in pdf. i'm going to use MERN for that. Need to create a two app. one is user app for buyer and admin app for a single store seller.   

1. Give me a idea for how can i do this.   what are all the features need to cover   
2. what are all the packages going to use to build a scalable application   
3. web search based on current year(2026) research it tech part and finalize the stable versions



1. coupon flow is not needed remove it   
2. Analytic feture from admin side is also not needed   
3. We going to use razorpay insted of stripe   
4. Need Google Oauth one tap login if it's a login page   
5. I'm going to use cloudflare bucket for file uploads   
6. Remove Zustand and tanstack from this. 
7. Need Redux and RTK query insted of this.   
8. for styling use Daisy UI for UI components   
based on these suggestion. give me final vets


Need to add testing tool based on current year best tools

Need to create final srs document under docs folder based on our finalized features from the above conversation


VIDEO  4:

Need to create a document for milestones of
the product development flow.   

My suggestion is:   

1. setup base for all apps with test suit setup   
2. set CI pipeline for automated test in GitHub
3. setup docker for deployment and CI/CD
4. pipeline   configure cloud clusters VPS for deployment
5. using docker   domain mapping and SSL configuration for this staging server   
6. build feature step by step release it   

I need a document for how we can build step by step. each is like a GitHub issue with
detailed context test criteria.   

Before creating a document let me know on how we can plan it as gist


yes generate detailed document



VIDEO 5 : Mock UI 


https://github.com/nextlevelbuilder/ui-ux-pro-max-skill
Plz install skill ui-ux-pro-max




I need to create a entire mock flow using html, css and js alone under mock_ui folder.

1. I've attached refernce UI as a image. I need in same theme
2. I need a 100% exact UI flow based on SRS.md document.
3. don't miss any single logic from that document. and do not create excess feature or UI or scanaio if its not in ⬇ SRS.md
4. 100 % accurate result needed and use /ui-ux-pro-max for design standard
5. it should 100% mobile responsive too



@mock_ui

This UI is good but need to fix alignment spacing and UX.
Reasearch in web for our category. fix the UX flow. I need to bext experice and best UI. change it based on current design standea
do not use /ui_ux_pro_max skill


need a minimum height as device height . Need to fix the footer bottom gap.Need to ensure it in all pages.



Mobile menu zindex need to fix.it's comming in back of the content.


VIDEO 7 :

login to GitHub

Need to initialize git repository for this project and add gitignore file


initial commit



@docs/MILESTONES.md
I've already created all milestones of version 1.0. Now i need list of issues can create under each milestones. let me know how can we do that first. before creating any document

create all issues as docs/ISSUES.md



i need to create all issues and milestones inside GitHub repository using gh
